hi everyone its Lindsey wells the
kitchen witch and you are watching charm
today featuring my tried and true recipe
for authentic Italian spaghetti and
meatballs
for many years before I started making
videos on YouTube
I was a blogger and today's recipe for
spaghetti and meatballs is one of my
most popular and most requested and so I
thought I'd better share it here because
it's become such a family favorite and
entertaining staple in so many homes so
let's get started I'll show you how to
create this wonderful comforting that
mentok spaghetti and meatball dish begin
by making the meatballs and add a
tablespoon of chopped Italian parsley to
1 pound of extra lean ground beef add a
tablespoon of Parmesan cheese
one cup of bread crumbs 1/2 teaspoon of
pepper 1/2 teaspoon of onion powder a
teaspoon of garlic powder a teaspoon of
salt and 1 beaten egg bring it all
together using your hands and then form
into meatballs you're going to cover
them and keep them in the refrigerator
now while you make the sauce in a large
saucepan over medium heat
saute 3/4 of a cup of chopped onion and
garlic in a quarter cup of olive oil
just until the onion is translucent stir
in to 28 ounce cans of tomatoes 2
teaspoons of salt 1 teaspoon of sugar
3/4 of a teaspoon of dried basil and a
ever reduce your heat to low and simmer
for 90 minutes next stir in one can of
tomato paste and the meatballs making
sure to completely immerse them in the
sauce and simmer them for 45 minutes
more oh my gosh you won't believe how
delicious these are boil the spaghetti
noodles in well salted water for about
seven minutes just until al dente and
mix a ladle of the sauce into the
drained spaghetti trust me on this one
it makes the world of difference then
serve it all up family-style and enjoy
the raves from friends and family
because these meatballs and that sauce
are just that fabulous don't forget to
visit me for daily conversation food and
fun on the kitchen which Facebook page
follow me on Twitter and Pinterest and
definitely stop by the kitchen witch
blog if you enjoy food-related fiction
great recipes and ideas and of course my
entire recipe archive can be found there
so until next time everyone here is
wishing you a charmed life please give
me a like and subscribe and we'll see
you next time bye for now